Our dataset structure consists of two parts: one is a low-quality dataset based on the 2022 BlackBlaze raw dataset, which has lost 10% to 99% of the data, and the other is a dataset collected from the Nankai Baidu Joint Laboratory at Nankai University to validate the effectiveness of our hard disk fault prediction model. Afterwards, ASFD time series features are added to the datasets that have not lost, lost 10%, 50%, and 80% of the data, respectively.
BlackBlaze - Select the Backblaze dataset from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2023, with SMART data of the ST4000DM000 model hard drive from S hard drive provider as the initial dataset.
The preprocessing of the dataset includes:

1. Capture data and reset labels. Firstly, extract data from the hard drive in the initial dataset within a time window. For a faulty hard drive, retrieve the data from the last Y days of the drive and mark this data as 1, indicating that the failure will occur within the time window. Because the initial dataset only sets the label of the faulty disk to 1 on the day of the failure. For the health disk, select the data of the first time window Y days and set the label to 0.
2. Feature selection. All features in the dataset that are null and have zero variance are removed. Because these features are not effective for classification.
3. Randomly delete data. Use the np. random. chooce() method in Numpy to randomly sample the raw data, then delete the selected 10%~99% data and construct a low-quality dataset Backblaze -, which is called all_data in the file drop_data_10、drop_data_20、drop_data_30、drop_data_40、drop_data_50、drop_data_60、drop_data_70、drop_data_80、drop_data_90、drop_data_91、drop_data_92、drop_data_93、drop_data_94、drop_data_95、drop_data_99 These sixteen parts.

In order to verify the effectiveness of the hard disk fault prediction model, the processing steps on the dataset collected by the Nankai Baidu Joint Laboratory of Nankai University were the same as before. After the third step, the mode of the column attribute where the missing value is located was filled in the datasets with no loss, 10% loss, 50% loss, and 80% loss, and ASFD time series features were added. Finally, four parts were obtained from the file: NanKai-0, NanKai-10, NanKai-50, and NanKai-80.
This dataset simulates the ability to achieve fault prediction results similar to high-quality datasets even in the event of hard disk data loss through preprocessing.
